{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\widowctrl{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440 {\footer \pard\plain \s16\tqr\tx9360 \fs20 {\tab Page }{\field{\*\fldinst {\cs17  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\cs17\lang1024 1}}}\par }\par\pard\qc\b\f0\fs36 Clemson University Student Evaluation of Teaching\b0\par\pard\b\f0\fs20\par\pard\tx600\b Evaluation Report \b0 for Daniel Alejandro Malagon teaching BIOL 3151 013 during Fall Semester 2019 \par\tab Respondents = 20; Enrolled = 22; Response rate = 91% \parComparison statistics are limited to evaluation results from graduate teaching assistants. \par \par\pard\tqr\tx14760\ul.\tab.\ul0\par\par\pard\keepn\b Instructor Questions\b0 (5457) \par \pard\keepn\tx600\b I12.\b0  What suggestions do you have to improve this graduate teaching assistant&#039;s ability to teach?\par\tab\b Type: \b0 Essay\par\pard\fi-600\li600\tx600 Student Comments\par#1 -\tab He was very excited to help the students and teach the course, however, he was not completely knowledgeable on the subject. It is hard for students to have good knowledge of their teacher is unaware.\par#2 -\tab Slow down when presenting and help point out important information (got better towards the end but the first half was rough with this)\par#4 -\tab He could have been more familiar with the material beforehand, sometimes was unfamiliar when asked questions\par#5 -\tab Talk slower when presenting through the lecture slides.\par#6 -\tab None, job well done\par#8 -\tab Maybe go through and practice once before class, if anything, he was very helpful.\par#10 -\tab Keep up with the Power Points. Double check your notes before you present so you don't flip-flop points.\par#11 -\tab Daniel was very skilled at communicating expectations and lecturing. He made lab interesting and beneficial. Thanks for your efforts!\par#12 -\tab Daniel was awesome!!\par#14 -\tab I think the only thing is that he doesn't know the material as best as a TA should, but if 100% were perfect and 0% were completely awful, he's probably like a 93%\par#16 -\tab Daniel was a very good TA, and I know his background isn't in humans; but knowing a little more info right away would've been nice.\par#17 -\tab He was great. I don't think he could improve He went above and beyond to help me succeed, making sure I understood the material.\par#18 -\tab I would say continue doing what you are doing! Feel free to ask more questions in lab. I really enjoyed the questions because it allowed me to understand the material more!\par#19 -\tab It would be helpful if he would let students take pictures of the slides he presents, as they have some histology on them that would be helpful when studying for lab practicals.\par#20 -\tab none, Daniel was great.\par\pard\par\pard\keepn\tx600\b I13.\b0  What do you consider to be this graduate teaching assistant&#039;s greatest strength?\par\tab\b Type: \b0 Essay\par\pard\fi-600\li600\tx600 Student Comments\par#1 -\tab He was always willing to help students out and learn if he was unsure about a subject.\par#2 -\tab Enthusiastic and always willing to help\par#4 -\tab He wanted all of the students to do well and would always find answers to our questions even if he didn't initially know\par#5 -\tab His knowledge of the course.\par#6 -\tab being able to explain anatomy throughly\par#8 -\tab very helpful clues and knowledgeable\par#10 -\tab He will go over the models with the class if they want.\par#11 -\tab Communication\par#12 -\tab Ability to communicate the material.\par#13 -\tab Enthusiasm, knowledge and relatability\par#14 -\tab He is good at explaining what he knows and what he doesn't he finds out for us\par#15 -\tab Daniel was so approachable and very accommodating\par#16 -\tab His attitude. He made lab a good environment to learn in.\par#17 -\tab He goes slow through the information which helps hearing it for the first time.\par#18 -\tab He's very easy to talk to and is willing to admit that he doesn't know the answer and will put in the effort to find the answer to your question.\par#19 -\tab He is very willing to help students.\par#20 -\tab Cares about his students, won't hesitate to help & always tries to find an answer to any question one may have\par\pard\par\pard\keepn\tx600\b I14.\b0  What do you consider to be this graduate teaching assistant&#039;s weakest characteristic?\par\tab\b Type: \b0 Essay\par\pard\fi-600\li600\tx600 Student Comments\par#1 -\tab He seemed to lack knowledge on some things in class and would turn to the undergrad TA???s for help.\par#2 -\tab He sometimes seemed to rush the labs\par#4 -\tab He was unfamiliar with a lot of the material\par#5 -\tab Being able to properly teach students. We can tell he is a first-year graduate teacher.\par#6 -\tab none\par#8 -\tab just not freshening up on the concepts before class\par#10 -\tab He occasionally gets terms flip-floped in his presentations. (But fortunately he is brave enough to ask for help from the undergraduate assistants to double check the information while he continues with the presentation.)\par#11 -\tab none evident\par#12 -\tab Sometimes he would speak a bit fast during lecture but he would slow down when asked.\par#14 -\tab Not knowing some things, but like I said it's really not that bad at all\par#16 -\tab Knowledge of human anatomy. But it was understandable.\par#17 -\tab Nothing.\par#18 -\tab I would say that being new played into his weaknesses, but as he got more comfortable with the lab they faded away.\par#20 -\tab n/a\par\pard\par}