{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\widowctrl{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440 {\footer \pard\plain \s16\tqr\tx9360 \fs20 {\tab Page }{\field{\*\fldinst {\cs17  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\cs17\lang1024 1}}}\par }\par\pard\qc\b\f0\fs36 Clemson University Student Evaluation of Teaching\b0\par\pard\b\f0\fs20\par\pard\tx600\b Evaluation Report \b0 for Daniel Alejandro Malagon teaching BIOL 3151 007 during Fall Semester 2019 \par\tab Respondents = 19; Enrolled = 23; Response rate = 83% \parComparison statistics are limited to evaluation results from graduate teaching assistants. \par \par\pard\tqr\tx14760\ul.\tab.\ul0\par\par\pard\keepn\b Instructor Questions\b0 (5457) \par \pard\keepn\tx600\b I12.\b0  What suggestions do you have to improve this graduate teaching assistant&#039;s ability to teach?\par\tab\b Type: \b0 Essay\par\pard\fi-600\li600\tx600 Student Comments\par#1 -\tab more preparation before lab. It can be obvious Daniel sometimes is not entirely sure of the material he is teaching.\par#2 -\tab none\par#3 -\tab I would say that he should present himself with more confidence when teaching cause he is knowledgable about the topic but sometimes lacks to confidence while presenting.\par#4 -\tab N/A\par#5 -\tab Knowing more of the material. I felt that when I asked questions he didn't always know the answers. He would always ask our undergraduate lab TA\par#7 -\tab Slow down when lecturing\par#8 -\tab I know you have all the information in your head even if it comes out a little faded sometimes. I'd say you're good maybe look over it one more quick time before lecture.\par#9 -\tab Great instructor!\par#11 -\tab I suggest that he look over the material before lab starts because most of the time when we had a question he would refer us to the undergraduate TA. It seemed like he didn't know the material well enough to explain something to a student in a way they would understand.\par#12 -\tab Incorporate models into the lecture portion more often.\par#13 -\tab Slow down and give more feedback\par#14 -\tab Try and help us understand what is more important and what we are expected to know about each concept\par#15 -\tab I think making the change of adding in the lectures at the beginning really improved my experience in lab.\par#19 -\tab none\par\pard\par\pard\keepn\tx600\b I13.\b0  What do you consider to be this graduate teaching assistant&#039;s greatest strength?\par\tab\b Type: \b0 Essay\par\pard\fi-600\li600\tx600 Student Comments\par#1 -\tab Kindness and willingness to help you succeed.\par#2 -\tab teaching\par#3 -\tab His positive energy and willingness to learn and assist us.\par#4 -\tab He always wants to help so whenever we have any questions if he doesn't know the answer he will look it up.\par#5 -\tab Being approachable\par#7 -\tab His knowledge\par#8 -\tab Personability. Very good at describing things one on one.\par#9 -\tab Being able to connect with each and every student in a class\par#11 -\tab I like the lecture he gives during at the beginning of lab because that's the most information we would get about the lab.\par#12 -\tab Daniel was very encouraging and made sure to slow down and explain any concepts that we had questions about in full detail.\par#13 -\tab Very nice\par#14 -\tab Always willing to help the best he can\par#15 -\tab He is really open to admitting when he doesn't know something, and will look into it immediately and  get back to you with the answer to your question. He really wants to help.\par#16 -\tab lectures before the start of the lab exercise\par#19 -\tab he was very nice\par\pard\par\pard\keepn\tx600\b I14.\b0  What do you consider to be this graduate teaching assistant&#039;s weakest characteristic?\par\tab\b Type: \b0 Essay\par\pard\fi-600\li600\tx600 Student Comments\par#1 -\tab Preparation before lab.\par#2 -\tab none\par#3 -\tab His weakest characteristic would be that he did not know this information before he started. However, he is quick to learn and adapt.\par#4 -\tab N/a\par#5 -\tab Not knowing all the material\par#7 -\tab He sticks to the rules too much\par#8 -\tab none. You know all the information even if you have to double check sometimes\par#9 -\tab None\par#11 -\tab not having enough knowledge about the topic in order to explain something clearly and thoroughly.\par#12 -\tab At times he wasn't sure of certain pieces of information.\par#13 -\tab Doesn't really know the material as well I thought he should\par#14 -\tab telling us not to focus too hard on one thing and then it being a main portion of the practical\par#15 -\tab I think the fact that he doesn't have a background in human anatomy is a little bit unfortunate, but thats not really his fault.\par#19 -\tab needed to be more prepared\par\pard\par}